Update Releasing.md (#11)
wordpress-mobile/release-toolkit-gutenberg-mobile: Releasing.md

<p>o Run the release script in release-toolkit-gutenberg-mobile: <code>./release_automation.sh</code>. This will take care of creating the gutenberg and gutenberg-mobile release PRs as well as WPAndroid and WPiOS integration PRs.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>o Trigger an installable build on WPiOS PR.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

> <p>o Fill in the missing parts in gutenberg-mobile PR description.</p>

Reviewer: Nitpick :) 
```suggestion
<p>o Fill in the missing parts of the gutenberg-mobile PR description.</p>
```

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

> <p>o Mark all 4 PRs ready for review, requesting reviews from your buddy.</p>

Reviewer: I modified this sentence a bit. Let me know what you think.
```suggestion
<p>o Mark all 4 PRs ready for review and request reviews for them from your release wrangler buddy.</p>
```

Author: Sounds good! Thanks 👍
